Create SECURITY.md (#14)
akv-platform/setup-node: docs/contributors.md

-  **Run `pre-checkin` script to format, build and test changes**
- Make sure your changes are well formatted and that all tests are passing
- If your pull request is connected to an open issue, please, leave a link to this issue in the `Related issue:` section
- If you later need to add new commits to the pull request, you can simply commit the changes to the local branch and then push them. The pull request gets automatically updated

**Learn more about how to work with the repository:**

- To implement new features or fix bugs, you need to make changes to the `.ts` files, which are located in the `src` folder
- To comply with the code style, **you need to run the `format` script**
- To transpile source code to `javascript` we use [NCC](https://github.com/vercel/ncc). **It is very important to run the `build` script after making changes**, otherwise your changes will not get into the final `javascript` build
- You can also start formatting, building code, and testing with a single `pre-checkin` command

**Learn more about how to implement tests:**

Adding or changing tests is an integral part of making a change to the code. 

> Unit tests are in the `__tests__` folder, and end-to-end tests are in the `workflows` folder (in the particular file [e2e-cache.yml](https://github.com/actions/setup-node/blob/main/.github/workflows/e2e-cache.yml)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unit tests are in the `__tests__` folder, and end-to-end tests are in the `workflows` folder, particularly in the [versions.yml](https://github.com/e-korolevskii/setup-node/blob/update-contributors-guide/.github/workflows/versions.yml) and [e2e-cache.yml](https://github.com/actions/setup-node/blob/main/.github/workflows/e2e-cache.yml) files.
```

Reviewer: Don't forget about main e2e file - versions.yml
